Remove Rmm free test that is failing due to a change in rmm (#3007)
rapidsai/cudf: CHANGELOG.md

- PR #2928 CSV Reader: Fix using `byte_range` for large datasets
- PR #2983 Fix sm_70+ race condition in gpu_unsnap
- PR #2964 ORC Writer: Segfault when writing mixed numeric and string columns

> - PR #3007 Java tests: disable a test that expected an error from Rmm but now it doesn't get it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PR #3007 Java: Disable unit test that frees zero pointer until RMM issue is fixed
```

Author: It's not a zero pointer, but instead an invalid pointer (`reinterpret_cast<void*>(100)`), but I can adjust the comment.

Reviewer 2: The new behavior of RMM is more correct. rmmFree() can't throw because it might be used in destructors, which can't throw: https://isocpp.org/wiki/faq/exceptions#dtors-shouldnt-throw

Reviewer: Oh sorry I missed that this was testing a free of an invalid pointer not a zero pointer.  In that case I think this test should simply be removed.

Author: @jlowe @harrism test removed. Thanks!
